you
hey what's going on guys it's luck'll in
here and in front of me right now is the
star wars the old republic MMO screen
that lets you choose your faction now
this is where you guys come in and we
need your help so I'm trying to figure
out a way and I think the way I'm going
to do it is this as you can see there's
two here there's the Galactic Republic
which is the rebels and then there's the
Sith Empire which is the Imps the Empire
so what I'm asking you guys for our
family series is by putting now all I
want to see is this in the comments and
that's it I want to see a 14 rebels or a
24 Empire remember one for rebels and a
24 Empire so what we're going to do is
where we'll pick our side depending on
what the largest amounts of votes are
for whatever side it is and then what
we're going to do is when we create our
characters a lot of the characters don't
start in the same place so we're going
to start the series off at level 10 so
that means we're going to have to go
level first and get through the first 10
levels so we can join each other and
play together so what we need you guys
to help us do is figure out the side
that we're going to join by putting down
a 1 in the comments for rebel and a 2 in
the comments for the Empire so that's
all we need to know thank you guys and
we will see you in the Star Wars galaxy
for the new family series so we'll talk
to you later bye
you